and good states here tells you media
I bring gameplay of white points and as
you are watching wow the kinds of water and
willy's classes
many people I see the comments and
more and more that I do not know what mania you have
of willy for us your classes and I do not know what
and with what advantages is better and I do not know what
I do not know how many when I do not know if there
let's always say what gameplays with the
same weapons I would say good look at my
only five classes or ten classes are
These are not, but as you know, your ship
empress as practically all
weapons then good because every time
I have one I have a different class
good is more always a game will end
I usually change something of some of my
classes simply for by mariana or
because it does not occur to me to always use
the same then
I think you can see from my classes
good in each group if you are a little
you have payments then at the beginning of each
company read my classes at the beginning of
every video comes out fast my classes works
so I'm going to use it even if I do not
every time you die the class that
you take with the advantages with the grenades
and all that then well you can
fix there but you do not need to make a
exclusive video teaching in my classes
because at 5 minutes good it's more like
your video base already in my class will be
totally different is so it does not have
No sense, but well, I can
say more or less that I always carry only
They carried hard line or bulletproof vest
or something similar and then I also want
always carry hard or scavenger and
then dexterity is the only thing I can
say then what always took
stunners but if you do not tell anything
I like it more and then yes, there are
be in plan change as I know
carry last 4 2 Granada betis
decent know techno here could we
say nothing that was always the same but not
good going back a bit to the gameplay
I'm playing with the scorpion and I'm going
for me a bonus would say that the worst I assumed
because I was young do not know how what
I already have a little more caught the
Quiet but this weapon does not stop me
to convince
I think I'd say it's the
worse for me at least
least I like it has a lot
a lot of cadence or instead you can
stop balance of incredible speed
but of course you stay very fast
it does not hurt the shelves too much
they have their problems I do not just
convince me personally is not a
weapon that today would use and in fact good
not using anything other than to
I could teach an example with this weapon
to see if such and to try the one that already
you know I like to try a lot of
weapons and now they already keep helicopter
not because then he was good here
playing with this bc4 weapon on one side and
how do you like them as I am
bringing gameplays the other day enrique
yes with which is axis in a way that if
with the other form has only employs
knife that you saw yesterday that took me
from the swarm to knife the other time of
pink knife to the stage seeing that yes
says four on one side with the scorpion
that nobody uses for another streak of
15 here with my gun so it's a
game that we say is pretty
pretty good the truth and c4 over here
pure bread show time ago gives me
like the other one here and another one
ahead like six times a game that
It is the moment of the broken by our
third time is the fourth time it happens
by that area of the map and the eye and
four chinchín chin chin chín in the
truth is that it is a game that is
super showy look good you said
Now that I'm up lately, I'm
trying to make them more like seen
makes you see more first because it's like a
I play in plant 4 on the one hand I work
for another with another low not so much because
I take the measure and do not know us
have unlocked
but good that if I work that if grenade
What if this way with the shotgun that
always here with something else streak of 20
with the gun pim pam on the one hand here
you see that it is an authentic massacre is already
that taking those those because I
was running 64 without bullets and other and
so and so and my dogs killing let's go
but as strangers here I was already
to get almost the next one the next
streak which would have meant that if you
you take out the helicopter you're practically
one forgives a low to get you out of the ub
saadistas to two or three from almost
get the dogs out so come super
super super good
to last a little longer the games
but obviously if you kill a lot that
thing to the other I do not know how to kill much
the game ends is what there is and for the
fourth or fifth time he goes through that
always always return to the same area
at the same place you see where the people are
here uploaded because I did not want them
start the dogs I did not even know where
get in and I say mother of mine please
imagine that they kill me is a
sniper there is no one please
he and he gets angry but but very much not
I say but what is going to be the following
there is dressing or the head of a streak of
already 12 25 125 94 maybe with the
weapon that you see my c4 and the
game 37 0 and why good because
finished the game is not who knows what
what would have happened
so one that you have seen a piece
of gameplay that the truth is that I
swells kill and in a pretty way
spectacular and nobody liked the
video vote it if you have any
advice anything by rule that
discuss and say and others but down on
the comments and nothing the classes already
you know at the beginning of each video the
you can see so you can have an eye and
see you in the next greetings to
everyone